all right I'm like tiling or like coming
up with like a context for this piece so
I just kind of let it speak for itself
and I was never alone
early on I thought the low hum of speech
resonating in the back of my skull
spreading to my frontal lobe and I
wrapped that voice in the felt strips
had texted my brain with until I gave
that slowly articulating audibility of
four that was my closest friend I was
never alone it was the one constant in
my life beyond my mother's love ads were
easy magna carta boring classroom
lectures during the marathon game
sessions tic-tac-toe three in a row away
whenever my sleep was my race at
breakneck speed I knew I had someone who
would stay up late and watch TV with me
right after dark I'm not skinny back
here was my warmup gave me safe from the
cold sting a reality putting my ego Auto
V into my head box giving me in tune
with the world and then I met her who is
that
she was beauty and madness like a slice
of same soul and let her buy me in
circle that from a distance look like
Tracy P for hearts but upon closer
inspection were merely shackles
she ain't earned love it's a marathon
game sessions she's always taking center
square she tried to take my freedom from
me with a falsified restraining order
she dangled our window driving talking
circles around me he tried to turn
everyone against me kill everyone
I was trapped with a deafening roar even
in the silence of church pews with
increasing volume she shouldn't live and
burying pitch neither should you
till my brain went numb from the humming
I walked into the kitchen towards the
knife box licen pulling out the fattest
blade flourished her throat than yours
catching her the reflection of my eyes I
as I shared with my mother
I'm the she alone would own to bear
witness to this carnage forget her
and together we shed tears inside that
metal until I put that bleep back in
this wooden sheath no drove myself to
the hospital
denies check myself and they can't help
you in silence this go speaker from the
chemical muffler that that the rustle
world covered a safe felt stress
so
quiet
I'm not used to being to my brain alone
I can expect concept of living life
imperfect well-formed ribs thank you who
want to draw X's and O's item with moves
/ whispers they're barely shaking
autumn three in a row